1
ti
Start eating well with these eight tips for healthy eating, which cover the basics of a healthy diet and good nutrition
2
ing
The double helix forms the structural basis of semi-conservative DNA replication.1,2 Less intuitively, it also has implications on the information content of DNA for double-stranded DNA as such only has about half the storage capacity of single-stranded DNA. This is because a given sequence and its reverse complement, while the same in the double-stranded form, are different entities in single-stranded DNA?except for those sequences which are identical to their reverse complement
3
th
Lemierre syndrome is caused by an infection in the oropharyngeal region with subsequent thrombophlebitis in the internal jugular vein. The thrombus from the thrombophlebitis can invade other vital organs, such as liver, lungs, or joints, resulting in secondary infection, which further exacerbates the fatal prognosis of this syndrome. Lemierre syndrome, also called postanginal sepsis or necrobacillosis, was first reported by Dr. Lemierre in 1936. In his report, Lemierre mentioned that out of 20 patients who suffered from this syndrome, only two survived. He also stated that all of the 20 patients complained of infections in the palatine tonsils and developed sepsis and thrombophlebitis in the internal jugular vein. Once called a "forgotten disease," this syndrome showed a very high mortality rate until usage of antibiotics became prevalent
4
tion
Non-application decreased shoot length and reduced number of unnecessary secondary shoots by 39% compared with the conventional rate, not affecting yield and weight, color, firmness, and soluble solids of fruits. No significant difference was also found in the yield and the fruit characteristics among the trees fertilized with different rates. Concentrations of soluble sugars, starch, N, and K of dormant shoots in March of the following year were not significantly changed by the different treatments of the previous year. There was no significant difference of shoot growth and yield among the treatments the following year when the same fertilization rate was supplied to all the trees
5
to
Due to increased interest in character costumes, the field of animation character costume design is gradually developing into a specialized domain. The costume-making process for animation characters presents many differences from the costume-making process for regular apparel. However, there remains insufficient research on the actual process of making the character costumes used in stop motion videos both in Korea and abroad. The purpose of this study is to establish a costume design process for animation characters. Furthermore, this study presents a case study on the costume planning and making process for 3D stop motion animation characters. The character costume-making process was segmentalized into the following stages: character analysis stage, character modeling stage, and character costume making stage
6
by
In Korea, no institutional tool or regulation exists by which a retail business in charge of gathering and maintaining subscribers can be guaranteed independence from the wholesale business division of a fixed incumbent provider of essential facilities such as ducts, poles and copper or fiber cables, which may also be offering the same products to its rivals. For that reason, a wholesale division may have an incentive to intentionally disrupt the sharing of facilities requested by competitive operators in cooperation with the retail division. Ultimately, the facility sharing process will remain inactive when there is a lack of equivalent access to the fixed access network
7
as
The aim of this study was to find typology of fashion-related mobile applications through exploratory investigation and to investigate differences in Korea and U.S. App stores. And then, through the qualitative evaluation about fashion mobile applications, this study proposes fashion mobile application's design and contents which can be preferred by users. By conducting keyword search in each store, 122 Korean applications and 150 US applications were analyzed. Empirical findings revealed that there were seven major types of fashion mobile applications: brand, magazine, information, SNS, game, shopping and coordination. Information type applications took up the largest portion, and SNS and game type applications showed higher ranking among customers
8
the
rimary varicella infection usuelly runs a benign clinical course in the helthy population. However, hemorrhagic chicken pox presents with a very extensive eruption of hemorrhagic vesicles in patients with decreaed platelets or impaired immunity and is accompanied by severe constitutional symptoms. A 7-year-old male was admi due to abdompal pain for 1 day and peneralized vesicular eruption for 5 days. The eruption first appeared on the trunk and then spread to involved face, scalp and extrsmities. The skin rash was compatable with varicella but despite the administration of acclovir intravenously, the vesicular eruption became hemorrhagic. Ten days after admission, having experienced cardisc arrest twice and with his mental state in coms, he was diseharged as his situation was hopelesa
9
of
The book consists of thirteen chapters in five parts. In the first part Harmless describes some of the general and religious background to fourth- and fifth-century Egypt, which helps to place what follows in a broader context. In his second part he discusses Antony and Pachomius, although he acknowledges that Antony is not the historical beginning of monasticism. He moves next to discuss the Desert Fathers, exploring some of the texts, characters, themes, locations, and histories. This leads the way for reflections on the theology and works of two monastic theologians, Evagrius Ponticus and John Cassian. It may seem odd at first glance that the final section of the book (Reflections) should address the origins of monasticism, but Harmless justifies this from his experience as an educator; people find it easier to engage with scholarly discussions concerning monastic origins once they are familiar with the characters, texts, and themes
10
es
In the initial stage, domestic games based online concentrated on game development focusing on income for some genres. However, various contents focusing on smart environment and social network are expanded at present and game materials are developed for more various objects. So, this study intends to examine new category, positive game, from the aspect of game designer for game approach based on various objects. And, game approaching process in the category based on pleasure was organized from the standpoint of designer, for the designer approach in the precedent stage of positive game development. From the aspect of designer, systemicity of game category and design approach are necessary to expand wire-wireless environment and new environment based on the convergence media to interactive contents focusing on games